---
title: Contribution
enableToc: true
tags:
  - meta
---

> [!warning] 
> When contributing please note that I, Ragno, retain ownership of the Encyclopedia and reserve the right to monetize it. ***By contributing you agree that any material you submit becomes the property of the project and may be monetized with no need for further permission.*** You also acknowledge that, by virtue of the projects license, others may copy, modify, and distribute anything you submit.
> 
> By submitting any content through any of the methods mentioned in this page you agree that you understand this.

Contribution to the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Literature/Non-fiction/Encyclopedia Mysenvaria|Encyclopedia Mysenvaria]] can come in many forms and is welcome in all of them. This page serves to outline the various ways to get involved with the project and the guidelines for doing so. Whether you want to expand a stub, add ideas and brainstorm, or just generally offer feedback.

The encyclopedia is hosted through GitHub and uses Quartz to generate the site! Because of this, it is very easy to suggest changes to the project using GitHub's suite of features!
# Ownership, Acknowledgement, and Monetization
As the original creator, owner, and primary author of the Encyclopedia Mysenvaria, I, Ragno, retain ownership of all content across the site. By submitting any text, images, or other content to the Encyclopedia you agree that those contributions will become the property of the project, and thus myself.

It is important to acknowledge that the Encyclopedia Mysenvaria is my own project and story. While contributions are welcomed and appreciated, the Encyclopedia is a single part of a much larger vision that has been constructed since I was a child. By contributing you can add to that vision, but it is essential to me that the project remains cohesive and aligned with my creative vision.

To ensure this, I retain ownership of all contributions made to the project so that they may be properly managed and modified to fit the direction of the project. ***If a contributor wishes they may have their name and a link to their personal site added to the [[Meta/Contributors|Contributors]] page, which is linked to from all points of the site.*** You must reach out to myself or submit a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/RagtimeGal/quartz--encyclopedia-mysenvaria/issues) for the contributor page if you wish to have your name added, please provide proof of your contribution.

Future plans for the project may include monetization, like the release of a book, videos, or other content. The project is already monetized by myself through [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/W7W4UVZE2) donations. ***If you are uncomfortable with the idea of your own submissions being monetized by someone else then please do not contribute!***
# Policy
When contributing to the project it is important to adhere to the contribution policy! The Encyclopedia Contribution Policy is in place to ensure that the encyclopedias community maintains proper behavior and fosters a respectful and constructive environment.
- First and foremost, follow the [GitHub Terms of Service](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service)! 
- Only submit content which you yourself have created. Failure to follow this will result in an immediate ban from contribution. This includes submitting content generated by AI and text or images created by other people. Unless given explicit permission and proof of that permission any content submitted which may be owned by someone else will be rejected.
- All language across the project should remain inoffensive and straightforward. Profane, overly sexual, obscenely violent, or otherwise vulgar language is not tolerated. Mysenvar is a mature setting with a focus on heavy themes, however the Encyclopedia is meant to represent the educational aspects of the world. Language which is very obtuse, poorly worded, superfluous, or grandiloquent will be rejected.
- Respect others, remain constructive, and take criticism. Acts of harassment or discrimination are not tolerated. When discussing ideas or writing it is important to remember to offer constructive feedback in a reasonable and polite way. It is also important to be able to take such feedback constructively and use it to improve upon your own work.
- Focus discussions and remain relevant to the topics of the Encyclopedia. Discussion regarding topics unrelated to the Encyclopedia should be moved to other environments, such as the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2yUDZ5j). Off-topic discussions will be removed.
- Respect creative visions. Mysenvar is a cohesive narrative and major changes to the lore or worldbuilding should be taken with extreme care. All changes to the Encyclopedia are reviewed to ensure that it respects the vision of the setting.
- Any requests to write pages or otherwise publish large parts of text in the Encyclopedia should follow the [[Meta/Writing Guidelines|Writing Guidelines]]. Failure to follow the guidelines will result in the request being denied.
- Report inappropriate behavior! If you discover inappropriate comments, spam, or otherwise offensive or inappropriate text which may have made its way through moderation, please report it!
  Reports can be made either through the [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/RagtimeGal/quartz--encyclopedia-mysenvaria/discussions) tab or through the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2yUDZ5j). Any help is greatly appreciated!
# Review Process
All contributions are reviewed to ensure they maintain standards and comply with Encyclopedia policies! GitHub enables easy moderation and contributions which fail to meet these standards will be denied.

If you're looking to contribute but are unsure of standards, have questions on the lore or creative vision, or otherwise don't know where to start, feel free to reach out! 
# How to Contribute
Have you encountered blank stubs or incomplete pages? Found topics or concepts that remain unexplored? Have you encountered typos, grammatical errors, or factual inconsistencies? Or do you find that some pages could use visualizations, illustrations, or other visual assets? This section goes over the ways you can contribute and solve any of those problems!
- There is a comment section, powered by [giscus]([giscus](https://giscus.app/)), on every page of the Encyclopedia. This is the easiest and quickest way to contribute to the project! Starting conversations or pointing out errors in the text are great ways to get involved!
- [GitHub issues](https://github.com/RagtimeGal/quartz--encyclopedia-mysenvaria/issues) are another quick way to get involved and much more direct way of pointing out errors or making suggestions. Using issues you can give direct feedback on pages, reporting errors or making suggestions.
- GitHub pull requests are a more complex way to go about contributing and require a more in-depth understanding of how GitHub works. This page wont go into how to create pull requests, but if you're interested reach out in the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2yUDZ5j)! Pull requests allow for you to suggest actual changes to pages, code, images, and more! All requests are thoroughly reviewed, and its possible only some parts of the request may be accepted!
- Reach out! Want to help brainstorm, recommend changes, or just discuss the setting? The [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2yUDZ5j) is the easiest way to go about that!
- Donate on [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/W7W4UVZE2)! While text contribution is greatly appreciated I am still the author and publisher of the setting, and donations allow me to devote more of my own time to working on the project!