---
title: Home
enableToc: false
tags:
  - meta
---

The [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Literature/Non-fiction/Encyclopedia Mysenvaria|Encyclopedia Mysenvaria]] is a comprehensive collection of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Literature|literary]] works by numerous scholars. Published by the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Organizations/Academy Publishing Company|Academy Publishing Company]] the Encyclopedia Mysenvaria is only possible because of the help of countless scholarly occupants from across the civilized [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Natural Features/Plane|Plane]]. Academy Publishing has worked diligently to gather as many [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Historian|historians]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Biologist|biologists]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Astronomer|astronomers]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Cartographer|cartographers]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Doctor|doctors]], and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Adventurer|adventurers]] to diversify our cast of editors and writers.

The encyclopedia has been divided diligently by [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Branches/Taxonomy|taxonomists]] into five distinct [[Topics|categories]], each organized into a multitude of sub-groups. Dive into the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Art|arts]], take a peak at [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/History|history]], consume different [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Culture|cultures]], discover exotic [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Geography|geography]], or research [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Biology|biology]]. Tailored pages like our [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Indexes/List of Lists|indexes]], the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/Timeline|timeline]], or [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/Biographies/Gods/Godly Lineage|Godly lineage graph]] also serve as great places to begin exploring the different faucets of the Plane. The entirety of the world as at your fingertips!

The Academy Publishing Company has sworn since its inception to provide nothing but utmost unbiased fact. We work with only [[Collaborators & Writers|credited scholars]] from across the plane and have since our creation nearly two-hundred years ago. Founded by [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/Biographies/Sir David Attenborough|Sir David Attenborough]] nearly two-hundred years ago Academy Publishing was founded on a pursuit of knowledge, to bring together people regardless of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Ethnic & Cultural Groups|nationality]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Ethnic & Cultural Groups|race]], or even [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Sophonts|species]].

> [!abstract] Meta
> This is a meta callout. These are uncommon throughout the encyclopedia but serve as non-canon fourth wall-breaking mentions of ideas or notes. For more information on meta callouts see the [[Meta/Meta|meta page]].
> 
> If you see errors like improper information or misspellings please help the writers! The back-end of the encyclopedia is ran off of [Github](https://github.com). Visit the [issue page](https://github.com/RagtimeGal/quartz--encyclopedia-mysenvaria/issues) of the encyclopedia and create an issue if you see any errors to help us keep our facts true!