---
title: Geography
enableToc: true
tags:
- geography
---

>[!abstract] [[Meta/Meta|Meta]]
>This page is incomplete and could use further elaboration in some sections, most notably abstract features! This callout serves as a future reminder!

Geography is one of the five primary topics of the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Literature/Non-fiction/Encyclopedia Mysenvaria|Encyclopedia Mysenvaria]]. Geography is a complex [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Culture#Scientific Branches|scientific branch]] which focuses on the study of the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Natural Features/Plane|Plane's]] physical and abstract features. It includes many other scientific branches such as [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Branches/Paleontology|paleontology]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Branches/Meteorology|meteorology]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Branches/Biogeography|biogeography]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Branches/Climatology|climatology]], and more. It's also vital to crafts like [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Cartographer|cartography]].

Geography serves as the foundation to other primary topics, like [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/History|history]] and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Biology|biology]]. Like the other primary topics in the Encyclopedia, geography is also divided into a multitude of sub-topics, those being natural features, artificial features, abstract features, astrography, and phenomena.
# Natural Features
Natural features are what most people think of when they hear of geography. They are geographical features formed through natural phenomena like [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Weather|weather]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Volcanoes|volcanism]], and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Tectonics|tectonics]]. Natural features vary greatly dependent on their physical position, makeup, formation, and many more factors.

Examples of natural features include the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Natural Features/Ocean|ocean]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Natural Features/Southern Continent|Southern]] and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Natural Features/Northern Continent|Northern]] Continents, [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Rivers|rivers]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Mountains|mountains]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Theories & Laws/Biome Theory|biomes]], and more. Natural features are fundamental to the development of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Ecosystem|ecosystems]], biomes, and climates. 
# Artificial Features
Artificial features are the opposite of natural features, they are constructed or modified through artificial means using [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Culture#Technologies|technology]]. [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Species/Human|Humans]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Sophonts/Dwarf|dwarves]], and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Biology/Sophonts/Elf|elves]] can create artificial features by altering the environment around them. Buildings, cities, roads, and dams are all examples of artificial features. They can also be more nuanced imitations of natural features, like artificial lakes and canals.

The study of these kinds of features is often tied to the study of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/History/History|history]]. Structures like temples can say a lot about the past, teaching us about distant cultures and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Arts/Art|arts]] which may not exist today. Artificial features may be made for defense, worship, or to tell a message.
# Abstract Features
Abstract features fall under the category of intangibility. They are not physical in nature, although artificial features may be constructed to represent them, such as a border wall. Abstract features exist as political borders and cartographical contours like [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Abstract Features/Longitude & Latitude|longitude or latitude]].
# Astrography
Astrography is focused on the study of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Stars|stars]], which are considered to be natural features of the Plane. Despite this, stars garner their own distinct sub-topic in the Encyclopedia due to the vastness of the topic. Astrography is practiced by [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Occupations & Crafts/Astronomer|astronomers]], and deals with the study of star's movement, influence, translations, and position. There are thousands of stars which dot the sky of the Plane, and as such documenting them all is a gargantuan task deserving of its own category of organization.

Stars have a significant impact on the Plane, and beyond that are important markers of historical events. Stars are divided into three categories, those being legal, index, and documentary stars. For more information on the different kinds of stars, how they are translated, and their importance on historical documentation see the [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Stars|stars page]].
# Phenomena
Natural phenomena include short-term localized events and long-term physical patterns and processes which occur as a result of [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Culture/Sciences & Technologies/Scientific Theories & Laws/Natural Laws|natural laws]]. [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Weather|Weather]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Seasons|seasons]], and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Earthquake|earthquakes]] fall into the former category, being short-term localized events which occur commonly across the Plane. [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Atmospheric Cells|Atmospheric cells]], [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Day & Night|day & night]], and [[Encyclopedia Mysenvaria/Geography/Phenomena/Tectonics|tectonics]] fall into the latter category, being long-term patterns which occur as a result of various natural processes.